Patreon is a media and community platform where over 300,000 creators give their biggest fans access to exclusive work and experiences. We offer creators a variety of ways to engage with their fans and build a lasting business including: paid memberships, free memberships, community chats, live video, and selling to fans directly with one-time purchases.Ultimately our goal is simple: fund the creative class. And we're leaders in that space, with:

    $10 billion+ generated by creators since Patreon's inception
    100 million+ free memberships for fans who may not be ready to pay just yet, and
    25 million+ paid memberships on Patreon today.

We're continuing to invest heavily in building the best creator platform with the best team in the creator economy and are looking for a Staff Backend Engineer - Creation to support our mission.

This role is based in New York and open to those who are able to be in-office 2 days per week on a hybrid work model.


About the Role


    Own and deliver well-scoped BE product feature milestones that help creators create content on Patreon.
    Drive technical design of components that are scalable, well tested and are easy to maintain
    Advocate for best patterns and practices in the areas of system design, performance, observability and testing.
    Collaborate with product managers, data scientists, designers, and other engineers to deliver high quality features.
    Champion innovative solutions that enhance the usability and engagement with discovery features


About You


    8+ years of experience in software development
    Strong experience with Python or a similar language
    Experience with SQL.
    Solid communication skills with cross-functional team members
    Eager to take on new challenges and expand skill set
    Build a strong product-minded engineering culture by mentoring and guiding engineers
    Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a related field, or the equivalent.


About Patreon


Patreon powers creators to do what they love and get paid by the people who love what they do. Our team is passionate about making this mission and our core values come to life every day in our work. Through this work, our Patronauts:

    Put Creators First | They’re the reason we’re here. When creators win, we win. 
    Build with Craft | We sign our name to every deliverable, just like the creators we serve.
    Make it Happen | We don’t quit. We learn and deliver.
    Win Together | We grow as individuals. We win as a team.


We hire talented and passionate people from different backgrounds because workplace diversity and inclusion is critical to our ability to serve creators worldwide. If you’re excited about a role but your past experience doesn’t match with every bullet point outlined above, we strongly encourage you to apply anyway. If you’re a creator at heart, are energized by our mission, and share our company values, we’d love to hear from you.